Main Menu1of2
Module Assignment 1: Colour schemes and textures
Goal

Here you will be tested on choosing colour schemes, analysing colours chosen and textures.


Brief
Create and code a homepage with HTML and CSS for a Home Decor website to include colours and textures as below:
Level 1 Process


Create a simple logo for the website and include in the homepage.
Include basic content, i.e. heading, a few navigation links, a couple content areas, and Latin text for content areas if needed.
Choose a colour scheme and with 2-3 colors to combine for use in the website which goes with the brand, i.e. logo of the website, use in backgrounds of elements/content areas and or elements on the page.
Find online/choose or create and use a seamless textures/pattern for use in the background of the website.




Include a Report which includes the following:
Explain which colour scheme you have chosen
How the colours chosen are a good example of the colour scheme
Why you are choosing the colour scheme in terms of mood for this website
Analyse and give the user experience of each of the colours and how the mood and iser experience of each color benefits for this genre of website.
Explain the choice of texture and how it fits with the website




Goal
Here you will be tested on product photography, choosing of photos, creating icons and styling.



Brief
Create and code a products page for a Home Decor website. This website sells home decor items for kitchen, lounge, and bedrooms of a home.

Level 1 Process
Use colour scheme and logo from Module Assignment 1.
Latin text for the content can be used as this assignment is focused on the Images.

Take at least 3 photos for the product images for the page, using a camera phone or digital camera.
Optimise these photos for the website.

Choose 1 photo for use as a main/introduction photo on the products page, and include in the website page/code.

Design and create 2 different icons for use on the page and include in the webpage code. The icons should also look good on smaller screen sizes.

Style the main / introduction photo using one CSS filter.
Include a report analyzing and explaining your choice of main introduction photo including composition.
